# Refs

https://github.com/omnirom/android
https://github.com/Descendant/manifest
https://github.com/AospExtended/manifest
https://github.com/AospExtended-Kirin/manifest
https://github.com/ResurrectionRemix/platform_manifest
https://github.com/PixysOS/manifest
https://github.com/ArrowOS/android_manifest
https://github.com/Havoc-OS/android_manifest
https://github.com/CarbonROM/android
https://github.com/crdroidandroid/android
https://github.com/LineageOS/android
https://github.com/CarbonROM/android
https://github.com/AOSiP/platform_manifest
https://github.com/CypherOS/platform_manifest

https://github.com/KirinMixTeam
https://github.com/berkeley-pie
https://github.com/LineageOS/android_device_huawei_kirin970-common
ttps://github.com/CandyDevices/device_huawei_kirin970-common | CandyDevices/device_huawei_kirin970-common
https://github.com/AOSiP-Devices/kernel_huawei_kirin970 | AOSiP-Devices/kernel_huawei_kirin970
https://github.com/GtrCraft/device_huawei_kirin970-common | GtrCraft/device_huawei_kirin970-common
https://github.com/andrecondor/device_huawei_kirin970-common | andrecondor/device_huawei_kirin970-common
https://github.com/CypherOS/device_huawei_kirin970-common | CypherOS/device_huawei_kirin970-common
https://github.com/CypherOS/kernel_huawei_kirin970 | Server Error Â· GitHub
https://github.com/GtrCraft/kernel_huawei_kirin970 | GtrCraft/kernel_huawei_kirin970
https://github.com/CandyDevices/kernel_huawei_kirin970 | CandyDevices/kernel_huawei_kirin970: Huawei Kirin 970 Kernel
https://github.com/AICP/device_huawei_kirin970-common | AICP/device_huawei_kirin970-common
https://github.com/KirinMixTeam/android_device_huawei_kirin970 | KirinMixTeam/android_device_huawei_kirin970
https://github.com/berkeley-dev/android_device_huawei_kirin970-common | berkeley-dev/android_device_huawei_kirin970-common
https://github.com/LineageOS/android_device_huawei_kirin970-common | LineageOS/android_device_huawei_kirin970-common
https://github.com/LineageOS/android_kernel_huawei_kirin970 | LineageOS/android_kernel_huawei_kirin970
https://github.com/AospExtended-Devices/device_huawei_kirin970-common | AospExtended-Devices/device_huawei_kirin970-common
https://github.com/GZOSP-Devices/device_huawei_kirin970-common | GZOSP-Devices/device_huawei_kirin970-common
https://github.com/berkeley-pie/android_device_huawei_kirin970-common | berkeley-pie/android_device_huawei_kirin970-common
https://github.com/berkeley-pie/proprietary_vendor_huawei_kirin970-common | berkeley-pie/proprietary_vendor_huawei_kirin970-common
https://github.com/berkeley-dev/android_kernel_huawei_kirin970 | berkeley-dev/android_kernel_huawei_kirin970
https://github.com/BlissRoms-Devices/device_huawei_kirin970-common | BlissRoms-Devices/device_huawei_kirin970-common
https://github.com/berkeley-dev/proprietary_vendor_huawei_kirin970-common | berkeley-dev/proprietary_vendor_huawei_kirin970-common
https://github.com/PotatoDevices/device_huawei_kirin970-common | PotatoDevices/device_huawei_kirin970-common
https://github.com/InvictrixRom-devices/device_huawei_kirin970-common | InvictrixRom-devices/device_huawei_kirin970-common
https://github.com/InvictrixRom-devices/vendor_huawei_kirin970-common | InvictrixRom-devices/vendor_huawei_kirin970-common
https://github.com/Srijith2001/kernel_huawei_kirin970 | Srijith2001/kernel_huawei_kirin970
https://github.com/pretoriano80/device_huawei_kirin970 | pretoriano80/device_huawei_kirin970: Device tree for TWRP (android-9.0)
https://github.com/moepda/android_device_huawei_kirin970-common | moepda/android_device_huawei_kirin970-common
https://github.com/moepda/android_vendor_huawei_kirin970-common | moepda/android_vendor_huawei_kirin970-common
https://github.com/AJChapman/proprietary_vendor_huawei_kirin970-common | AJChapman/proprietary_vendor_huawei_kirin970-common
https://github.com/AJChapman/android_device_huawei_kirin970-common | AJChapman/android_device_huawei_kirin970-common
https://github.com/ScrewdStaging/device_huawei_kirin970-common | ScrewdStaging/device_huawei_kirin970-common
https://github.com/arrase/android_kernel_huawei_kirin970 | arrase/android_kernel_huawei_kirin970
https://github.com/Cosmic-Devices/android_device_huawei_kirin970-common | Cosmic-Devices/android_device_huawei_kirin970-common
https://github.com/AICP/device_huawei_berkeley | AICP/device_huawei_berkeley
https://github.com/AOSiP-Devices/device_huawei_berkeley | AOSiP-Devices/device_huawei_berkeley
https://github.com/GtrCraft/device_huawei_berkeley | GtrCraft/device_huawei_berkeley
https://github.com/CypherOS/device_huawei_berkeley | CypherOS/device_huawei_berkeley
https://github.com/ValidusOs-Devices/device_huawei_berkeley | ValidusOs-Devices/device_huawei_berkeley
https://github.com/AospExtended-Devices/device_huawei_berkeley | AospExtended-Devices/device_huawei_berkeley
https://github.com/LineageOS/android_device_huawei_berkeley | LineageOS/android_device_huawei_berkeley
https://github.com/GZOSP-Devices/device_huawei_berkeley | GZOSP-Devices/device_huawei_berkeley
https://github.com/berkeley-pie/android_device_huawei_berkeley | berkeley-pie/android_device_huawei_berkeley
https://github.com/BlissRoms-Devices/android_device_huawei_berkeley | BlissRoms-Devices/android_device_huawei_berkeley: based off of flex1911's device tree
https://github.com/PixelExperience-Devices/device_huawei_berkeley | PixelExperience-Devices/device_huawei_berkeley
https://github.com/PotatoDevices/device_huawei_berkeley | PotatoDevices/device_huawei_berkeley
https://github.com/moepda/android_kernel_huawei_berkeley | moepda/android_kernel_huawei_berkeley
https://github.com/omnirom/android_device_huawei_berkeley | omnirom/android_device_huawei_berkeley
